adding management api docs with some examples (#5925)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/reference/management-api/postman-setup-swagger.md

```http
https://localhost:44331
```

{% hint style="info" %}

The localhost URL might vary from this example. Make sure to change the URL to the current localhost URL your project is running on.

{% endhint %}

3. Save the changes.

## Setup Authorization Values

In the **Umbraco Management API** collection click on **Authorization** tab and follow these steps:

1. On **Type** choose `OAuth 2.0`
2. Check if those attributes are setup:

* **Add auth data** to is set to `Request Headers`
* **Auto-refresh token** is `Disabled`

### Configure Token

Now let's setup a new token:

1. Under **Configure New Token** add a **Token name** called `BackofficeSwagger` (Can be anything).
2. On **Grant Type** choose `Authorization Code (With PKCE)`.
3. On **Callback URL** click to enable `Authorize using browser`.
4. On **Auth URL** add:

```http
{{baseUrl}}/umbraco/management/api/v1/security/back-office/authorize
```

5. On **Access Token URL** add:

```http
{{baseUrl}}/umbraco/management/api/v1/security/back-office/token
```

> 6. On **Client ID** add `umbraco-postman`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6.  Add `umbraco-postman` on **Client ID**.
```

7. On **Code Challenge Method** choose `SHA-256`.

> 8. On **Client Authentication** choose `Send Client credentials in body`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8.  Choose `Send Client credentials in body` from **Client Authentication**.
```

> 9. Any other field should be empty or auto-filled by default. **Save** and then:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Any other field should either be empty or auto-filled by default. 
10. Click **Save**.
```

> * Click on **Get New Access Token**. Then a window will popup to authenticate into the Backoffice. Follow the given instructuction to **Open in Postman**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Click on **Get New Access Token**. 
A window appears to authenticate into the Backoffice. Follow the given instruction to **Open in Postman**.
```

> * Then in Postman you will see a new **Manage access tokens** window. Click **Use Token**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You will see a new **Manage access tokens** window in Postman. 
12. Click **Use Token**.
```

# Get a token for a new user

> 1. In the **Umbraco Management API** collection click on **Authorization** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on **Authorization** tab in the **Umbraco Management API** collection .
```

> 2. At the bottom of the page, above the **Get New Access Token**, click on `Clear Cookies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on `Clear Cookies` at the bottom of the page above the **Get New Access Token**.
```

3. Open your localhost instance of Umbraco in the browser. Example: `https://localhost:44331`.
4. Inspect the page, go to **Application** tab and clear the `UmbracoBackOffice` cookie.

> 5. Go to Postman and click on **Get New Access Token** and once authenticated click on **Use Token**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click on **Get New Access Token** in Postman and 
6. Click on **Use Token** after authentication.
```

# Common pitfalls and errors

## Missing agent

> When trying to obtain a token you might run into an error when trying to obtain a token. When looking in the postman console and see the following `Error: localhost request not supported`. This means you are missing the postman agent. You can get this from the [Postmant website](https://www.postman.com/downloads/postman-agent/) and try again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When trying to obtain a token you might run into an error. If you see the message `Error: localhost request not supported` in the Postman console, it means the postman agent is missing. To resolve this issue, you can download the postman agent from the Postman website [Postmant website](https://www.postman.com/downloads/postman-agent/) and try again.
```

## SSL Certificate verification

> When requesting a token, you might get an error that when viewed in the console states: `Error: unable to verify the first certificate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When requesting a token, you might get an error that reads `Error: unable to verify the first certificate` in the console.
```

> To resolve this, next to **Invite** button, click on the **Settings** cog wheel in top right corner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve this, 
1. Click on the **Settings** cog wheel in the top right corner next to the **Invite** button.
```

![Postman Cog Wheel Location](../images/postman-setup-swagger-cog-wheel.png)

> Click on **Settings** and disable `SSL certificate verification`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Disable `SSL certificate verification`.
```

## Making a request

When making a request for the first time, follow these steps:

> * In the **Umbraco Management API** collection click on **Authorization** tab. On **Type** choose `Inherit auth from parent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the **Authorization** tab in the **Umbraco Management API** collection.
2. Choose `Inherit auth from parent` from **Type**.
```

> * Disable any parameters you are not using as Postman sets their value to default sometimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Disable any parameters you are not using as Postman sets their value to default sometimes.
4. Click **Save**
```

---
description: Setup OAuth authorization for swagger via Postman
---

# Overview

{% hint style="info" %}

This guide is created by a community member and is not managed by Umbraco HQ. Some attributes may change in the future because of the integration with Postman (third-party tool).

{% endhint %}

> This guide covers how to set up OAuth authorization for Swagger using Postman. It showcases a starting point on how to set up a basic OAuth authorization for those who are not that familiar with OAuth integration.

Author: ```suggestion
This guide covers how to set up OAuth authorization for the Management API using Postman. 
```

Reviewer 2: 👍

Author: 🙌
